1. The names of team member(s):

      Zerui Xie

2. How to run your code (what command-line switches they are, what happens when you invoke the code, etc.)**

      This project requires the following packages:
      - sqlite3, numpy, metplotlib, requests, time, json and beautifulsoup( from bs4 )
    
      To run this project, make sure the above packages are installed, and then follow under steps:
    
      1). simply clone the repo at https://github.com/xielidawan/Inf510_project.git and download the file.
    
      2). There are two script:                                                                     
          i. Zerui_Xie_final_project.py ( Full version of this project include local and remote )                      
          ii. run_local.ipynb ( call the local part of the project from Zerui_Xie_final_project.py, Recommand!!! )
                    
      3). put the database in the same file, this step is important.
    
      4). run it :                                                                               
          i. Zerui_Xie_final_project.py :
            Run it on terminal by calling --local( only local part )  or --remote( do the whole process, including the local part )
          ii.run_local.ipynb :
            Run it on the Jupiter notebook

      5). Then you will see an interface, like this :

	Which information would you like to gain:
                        0. Quit
                        1. The Places suggest by us
                        2. The Analysis Report
           
	For the First part is the little program which could let you play, and the report are at the second part.
          
	Please enjoy, have fun!!! 

3. Any major ¡°gotchas¡± to the code (i.e. things that don¡¯t work, go slowly, could be improved, etc.)

      The code use a function call a lot of time, it might be cost more resoures I should find a new way to figure out it.

4. Anything else you feel is relevant to the grading of your project your project.

      I actually create a small application witch you could play with.

5. What did you set out to study? (i.e. what was the point of your project? This should be close to your Milestone 1 assignment, but if you switched gears or changed things, note it here.)

      I actually use one "Scrape-able" data set, and three External public APIs, which I mention two on milestone 1, to deal with this project. I also use SQL and metplotib to do somethings to the data.

6. What did you Discover/what were your conclusions (i.e. what were your findings? Were your original assumptions confirmed, etc.?)

      I find out that the temperature difference and the wind speed might relative to the latitude and longitude.

7. What difficulties did you have in completing the project?

      The most difficult things that I faced in this project is debugging, because there are so many lines code and I need to make sure that all the things could work. Also, programming this huge project, making the mind clear is another challenge.

8. What skills did you wish you had while you were doing the project?

      For programming, I wish I could familiar with the pandas and metplotlib, than I could do this project in multiple ways. Next, for the data part, I wonder that I could know more machine learning library, then I could get a better report for this little research.

9. What would you do ¡°next¡± to expand or augment the project?

      For this project I try to implement a function that could let users to check are the places they want to go are good to go. However, due to the time and energy, this idea just flew away. Therefore, if I want to improve this project I will try to realize this function.